This is Donald Davidson.
I'll sing a song that I learned from my father in Tennessee many years ago.
I don't know the title of it, but it goes like this.
Good morning, good morning, my fair pretty lady.
Good morning, good morning, can you fancy me?
Oh, sir, she said, my fancy is a sailor, one who lately crossed the sea.
Describe him, describe him, my fair pretty lady Describe him, describe him now to me Perhaps I saw some French ball go through him As I was sailing o'er the sea Oh, he was tall and he was handsome
And he was tall in proportion too.
He had black hair and he wore it curly.
Oh, his deep dark eyes of blue.
Cheer up, cheer up, my fair pretty lady Cheer up, cheer up, for I am he And in proof that I am your lover Here's the ring you gave to me